# Group 7 - Meeting 6 #
#### Team Members Present: 6/6 ####

## Points of action
*Work has been reviewed. More focus is now being put on the GUI and client code
*More client code has been merged
*Workload needs to be redistributed more evenly among members
*No mandatory whole group meeting in the middle of this week

**Division of Work**
*Dorka on API
*Calin and Francine on the server
*Danila, Pradhyumnaa and Yash on GUI
