# Group 7 - Meeting 7

#### Team Members Present: 6/6

## Sprint Retrospective

#### Calin
* **Last Week**: Client restemplate and gui, and linking gui to client.
* **This Week**: More security adding, basic spring authentication (friend request with password).
* **Impediments**: Everthing that could've gone wrong went wrong, horrible communication.


#### Yash
* **Last Week**: Was supposed to work on Client, added tests.
* **This Week**: Bonus features, checkstyle
* **Impediments**: Database was not working for him.

#### Dorka
* **Last Week**: API and CO calculation.
* **This Week**: Polish server methods, adapting server depending on needs of Client. Implement CI pipeline on Client repository.
* **Impediments**: Information from API is recieved in XML format, API's documentation is not clear enough.

#### Pradhyumnaa
* **Last Week**: Worked on GUI, specifically home page.
* **This Week**: Beautifying the GUI
* **Impediments**: Communication errors.

#### Danila
**Last Week**: Friends stuff, helped out with connecting gui to client
**This Week**: Report, GUI improvements requests.
**Impediments**: Had to work more on client than expected

#### Francine
* **Last Week**: Server, fixing the methods, checking for security breaches. When someone adds a vegetarian meal they no longer receive every user's password. Populating the database. Badges on server side.
* **This Week**: Server stuff, keep checking and report.
* **Impediments**: Tests not running properly.

## Other Business

* Every member must add to the report by Wednesday.