# Group 7 - Meeting 7

#### Team Members Present: 6/6

## Sprint Retrospective

#### Dorka
* **Last Week**: Worked on getting the CoolClimate API to work.
* **This Week**: Finish implementing and testing it. Create functions to break down numbers per features.
* **Impediments**: Difficulty with the response as an XML file (the JSON option also returns and XML file. Limitations from Cool Climate on accesses per minute.

#### Yash
* **Last Week**: Worked on GUI, Client tests, Client functionality.
* **This Week**: Keep working on Client functionality and also testing.
* **Impediments**: Mocking tests for Client.

#### Calin
* **Last Week**: Worked on the Friends workflow on server, and CI pipeline for the server.
* **This Week**: Polish server methods, adapting server depending on needs of Client. Implement CI pipeline on Client repository.
* **Impediments**: None.

#### Pradhyumnaa
* **Last Week**: Worked on GUI, created a new Home Page that works with transitions.
* **This Week**: Create a page for each different Feature. Also connect GUI to Client methods.
* **Impediments**: Client methods need to be ready.

#### Danila
**Last Week**: Worked on GUI, created a Menu Bar, and  also helped with transitions.
**This Week**: Create Friends page, that allow users to find friends and get/accept friend requests.
**Impediments**: Client methods need to be ready.

** Francine **
* **Last Week**: Worked on the Badges workflow on the server side. Implemented and tested CO2 tracking methods.
* **This Week**: Implement and test getting CO2 weekly and monthly. Polish existing server methods and adjust necessary tests. Will start working on the report and ideas for the presentation.
* **Impediments**: None.

## Other Business

* Tasks are now clearly divided and intermediate deadlines have been set.
* Potential meeting set for Friday, ahead of Demo 3 deadline next Monday.