# Group 7 - Meeting 2 #

#### Team Members Present: 6/7 (Danila Romanov late, Yash Kalia absent) ####

**Division of Work**

* Dorka and Pradhyumnaa on GUI;
* Francine and Calin on Server;
* Amy and Danila on Client;
* Yash - TBD.

**Planning**

* Divide things into smaller tasks:
    * quantify/qualify what would make it complete;
    * how much time it would take;
    * assign it to a team-member.
* Create scrum board (issues) from this.

**Checkstyle**

* Install relevant plugin for your IDE;
* Run it via CI/CD build in GitLab for the reports.

**Project Division**

* We decided to create two new repositories for Server and Client in order to simplify the work, instead of further dividing template.

**Points of Action for Wednesday**

* Research Jersey and Spring in order to pick one;
* Research Maven and Gradle in order to pick one;
* Research how to deploy application on Heroku.